chore(war): remove war references (#2476)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/security/pages/enable-cors-in-tomcat-bundle.adoc

=== Add CORS filter

> Edit the web.xml of the bonita webapp to add the CORS filter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the file `BUNDLE_HOME/webapps/bonita/WEB-INF/web.xml` to add the CORS filter:
```
